Who knows how we will feel when time robs us of prana,
The life energy we oft forget in the bustle and humdrum?
My guru touched my heart when he said in retirement
He had left, only a desire for the mala in his hand,

And the mantra in his mind. To me, that mantra would be
The "one note symphony" - 7.83 - a little known song
By Alan Parsons. It's the little known things in life that find
Us. The ones meant to expand OUR horizons. I spoke

Recently of Thea, and Sri Aurobindo, playing a Cosmic
Musical chairs*. Where dearest lady do you imagine yourself
10 years from now? Centaine in France? Born in Nov 2026*?
Or a babe suckling upon the breast of her mother in Lebanon in 2031?

The invitation to the Divine Ball says in big lettering
To put on your dancing shoes. So, if you assume
The role of intermediary, or even go past that,
Which verdant lawns would you dance upon?

If indeed angelic like the lines in your face and
The glow already tells, then what magical powers
Would you wield to help ordinary, fallen man
Regain the divinity shrouded in inconscience?

5

In what ages past must we all have striven, building
With love, a testament to the ages - souls incarnating
With a single mission - to build a community of
Aspirants or Sadhaks - simply teeming with life!

But how do we rescue ourselves when we barely know
How to show each other kindness? Patch Adams was perhaps
Right when he accosted God for taking the 7th day off,
Instead of working on compassion. Ah, there's the rub.

Will the rallying call to regain our humanity, amidst our
Pettinesses and perversions never be heard?
What of the cycles of abuse and atrocities*?
[Lady's Voice]
Were we all lost unto this world, or will a superman come

And lamblast his fellow men for being abhorrent?
Will the voices of girls, women and mothers be heard?
And where amidst all the, o me, o life will I find my way.
What if I end up tarrying here longer than I ought?

Or feel acute trepidations and palpitations?
What if I am angry if Yama makes me infirm at first,
Or I lose my mind and pass away unconscious?
So many fears, O Shakti - will you put them to rest?

10

Enough of the myriad despairing voices and mind's relentless fears.
I've lifed a full pristine life and will fall neat and clean
As the ripened cucumber. 
So live loud and strong dear, you may twang your bow as you leave your mark on us.

* https://imran.joyfulearth.org/2025-07/dare-we-build/01--where-is-tech-taking-us---from-aurobindo-to-tolkien/
* https://imran.joyfulearth.org/cycles-of-abuse/
